All right, good morning family.
I have an urgency in my spirit right now to pray, so I’m just going to jump right into it and intercede.
There are some things happening and I have an alert.
When I get these, I’m just letting you all come in with me to pray over the election in Pennsylvania right now and the corruption I've seen.
Diana, you can just jump right in.
I’m going to pray in the spirit as I pray.
If you may not understand it, it’s the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
I don’t have time to explain it today, but we’ll have more time later.
Holy Spirit, we flow for what you have for us now.
We yield ourselves to you.
Father, we thank you.
We're not moved by emotion; we're moved by what the spirit says.
Filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost now, pray through us even more, Holy Spirit, as we yield ourselves to move.
We pray for the hidden things.
We come in boldly and we pray for the hidden things.
In the stillness of the night, we uncover those things by angelic manifestation right now.
In the stillness of the night, we uncover those things.
We see the trucks; we see the ballots.
I see you in the spirit and I uncover you in the name of Jesus.
We send the angels now in Jesus' name for manifestation of this war and the corruption.
We call for the corruption to be found out in Jesus' name.
Pennsylvania, you will not do this, nor Virginia.
We rise up in prayer.
We take it.
As they make their move, we thank you, Lord, that the plans of the enemy are foiled.
It's not enough; they underestimated.
Their plans are of the wicked and their minds are reprobate.
We call forth the mind to be healed over the reprobate mind.
We pray over it, Father, right now in the name of Jesus.
This demonic thinking, we bind that, Father, for you said we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, powers, and spiritual wickedness in high places.
Father, we take authority over those devils right now in the name of Jesus, over that reprobate mind.
We render you completely helpless now.
We're going to Texas now.
We're in Houston, for it will be decided in Houston, Lord, by each county.
over Cruz, we pray over you in the name of Jesus.
Over Austin, Texas; over Austin, you've gone predominantly liberal and we will not have this.
We turn it now.
Over Dallas, Fort Worth, and Arlington; over Helotes, San Antonio.
Jesus, we're not moved by what we see or what we feel; we're moved by what the word says, and we have the victory in the name of Jesus.
Now we're going to Atlanta, Georgia.
We take authority over the spirit of racism in Jesus' name.
We bind that spirit.
You're a foul stench; get out of here in the name of Jesus.
Racism will not do this.
Father, we thank you for a mending of the hearts.
There's great hurt in the hearts from generation to generation.
We minister to the African-Americans in the spirit.
We pray peace and call comfort over their hearts.
We call for peace and restoration.
Everything that was stolen, Father, for the cankerworm has been found.
We call out that cankerworm and say restoration of double in Jesus' name.
Restoration of double in the name of Jesus to make things right.
This will happen in the spirit.
The hearts in the Deep South; the roots of heart to be heard.
Is anyone listening to me?
All the way through Chicago.
Father, only you can fix this, Lord, by your grace, your mercy, the anointing, and the glory.
The glory breaks down the walls of pain, hurt, and bitterness.
A wave of glory on this nation from coast to coast.
I call for a restoration over the Hispanic community, the Latinos.
Father, we pray for a revival over the Hispanic community.
Father, we call forth the fire of God to visit their churches and the people.
Over the Cubans, over the Puerto Ricans, we call forth a supernatural visitation and manifestation of the glory.
They have been lied to by so many.
I thank you, Father, for great discernment, not just hearing what we want to hear, but hearing what you say.
We're not being lied to by the enemy.
Lord, you're showing me so much.
We speak for the Senate to be red.
The embarrassment that they do not want to face, they are trying to cover up out of corruption.
It's in these certain counties.
I'm looking at individual corruption in the counties, swaying certain counties to go blue, trying to control the vote by a margin, a thin line of maybe 20,000 votes placed in strategic places so it's not detectable.
Father, let all hidden things be revealed.
We wake up the Boomers in every culture, tribe, and tongue.
We wake up the Boomers, the elderly generation, for they will carry this one more time.
Lord said, 'I only need one more time,' for there will be a beginning of a quick work.
The manifestations of my glory will come in a wave you've never seen before—a great red wave.
They underestimated it, for they have a reprobate mind.
They are not thinking with the mind of Christ; they think with a demonic mind.
Their math is off.
There's a spirit of confusion in their camp and it rests heavily on them.
As they do corruption, the spirit of confusion is heavy in the camp—bickering and strife among them.
Where there is strife, there is confusion and every evil work.
It's infiltrating their camps right now.
The enemy is not the people; they have yielded themselves over to a demonic spirit.
You're not wrestling against people; this is an antichrist spirit opposing my word.
We're praying for their salvation and that the blinders Satan has placed over the eyes of the unbeliever be taken off.
We pray for unity and peace, and that they would see the errors in their ways.
It's not blue against red; it's light against darkness.
We call for their eyes to be enlightened, even tomorrow in the polling booth.
Angels of the Lord, manifest and make war against those demonic spirits right now.
Father, we thank you that even the counties in California are fed up.
I see it.
Even the ones that would want to sway to the far left are fed up with the taxes and the unfair treatment.
I see even great Hollywood celebrities saying they're frustrated with the way this is going with Gavin Newsom.
I call a red wave in Jesus' name, a turnout of red like they've never seen before, because they want hope and change.
But the only one that will bring great change is you, through preaching righteousness and holiness, not a seeker-friendly gospel.
Break the chains, Father.
As we go into Nevada and Arizona, we pray for Kari Lake and the others, that they come out bolder and stronger with a backbone like a crowbar.
We send angels in the nighttime when corruption tries to be at its greatest.
We call for an uncovering and exposing of things.
We call for uncorrupt police to show up and have the boldness to expose it, to abide by their oath and the stirring of a conscience inside of them to blow the whistle in the darkness.
We pray for the postal workers; if there is corruption, let them be found out.
If they try to bury or burn the ballots, let them be found in Jesus' name.
You've shown me the corruption in these people, Father, but we call these things around right now.
I saw the truck, and it was like an unmarked truck.
But the Lord was saying to me, 'They undershot.
' They were trying to be sneaky, but they undershot.
They don't have enough time.
Especially in that county—it’s Pennsylvania.
I saw the number 23,000.
Father, we take communion and thank you that all hidden things will be revealed.
We see the red wave starting in Michigan, Minnesota, Illinois.
I pray for a red wave in Jesus' name, an uncontainable wave of glory upon this land from sea to shining sea.
I saw in the spirit a dark storm upon the East Coast.
Out of this, I saw four beautiful white doves circling in figure-eights.
The glory of the Lord was resting on four doves.
It either means four years or four consecutive years.
The storm was violent, but there was light in Goshen.
I saw the house again, with the place being prepared.
Psalms 91 and Psalms 23.
He prepares a table before me in the presence of my enemies.
Surely goodness and mercy follow us all the days of our life.
We stand in the gap for America.
Father, you have a great plan for America.
One last push.
A four-year window here before Jesus Christ comes.
We need a revival beyond anything we can comprehend.
I feel the presence of the Lord.
Holy Spirit, invade these people in their homes.
Father, you have one last call for America.
We pray for your hand of judgment to be upon the wicked.
Remove those that stand in the way of your great revival.
One last call for a harvest.
Four years.
The Holy Spirit represents the glory that descended on Jesus like a dove.
We invite you.
Four years.
You give America four more years for a supernatural harvest.
I saw those doves go into solid light; they became one big light and it dispatched over all the glory.
It's spreading over Texas, over Houston.
The glory of the latter house will be greater than the former.
Four years of the greater glory.
This is what you've prayed for.
It started from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
First the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation of the glory.
This is your window.
What will you do with the time I've given you?
For my son's return is imminent.
The sun is setting on this dispensation.
It's time for you to soar.
I saw the glory of the Lord flowing in each individual person as they come up higher to the throne.
There's a special place prepared for each of you.
It's by grace.
It's a renewing of your mind.
Change the way you think because it's been in reprobate thinking.
You allowed the enemy to tell you that you're not good enough, but I've done it all.
I see everyone sitting before the throne, resting.
So you've got to take your place.
He's coming soon.
I'm going to give you one last call.
Will you squander this time or will you march on and take the land with me?
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Who will help me bring in my harvest?
These are no longer last days; I'm giving you seconds.
I am right at the door.
It's time for you all to come up higher.
Take the care out of the prayer and shake off the beggar's cloak.
Like blind Bartimaeus had to throw off the beggar's cloak.
In the spirit, you have to take off the old leper's cloak and come up higher.
How do you see yourself?
Bound and broken, or seated with me in the heavenlies?
You can pluck like chickens or soar like eagles.
You choose by renewing your mind and staying in prayer.
I am standing at the door.
He's coming through the door.
It's no longer days; it's seconds.
He's given us a window.
I extended the grace.
I've given you a little window, a fraction, and the glorious church will rise out of it.
It's about the next Shemitah cycle.
If you don't know what the Shemitah is, go read Rabbi Jonathan Cahn's book on the Shemitah.
When the next Shemitah cycle ends in 2028, this is a great window.
What will you do with that timeframe?
It has everything to do with the Shemitah cycle.
Father, we thank you for your body that was broken for us.
We dedicate our lives to come up higher and shake off the beggar's cloak.
We are sons and daughters of the Most High God.
We will walk in victory and light.
Let that light shine through us today.
Father, we thank you for the blood.
I thank you, Lord, that our eyes are being flooded with light.
We plead the blood over America, Asia, Africa, Russia, and South America.
It's time.
I saw all God's children sitting by his throne.
All different cultures, no race, no color.
He doesn't see through the eyes of stupidity; he sees everyone as one.
The devil has tried so hard to blind people with race, gender, and age.
What will we do before the next Shemitah cycle in 2028?
He's coming quick.
If you haven't asked him into your heart, there are no more delays.
Say a simple prayer: 'Father, forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe you're the Son of God.
' Get baptized, find a church, stop sinning, and get in the Word every day.
You have the Great Commission to lay hands on the sick, cast out devils, and raise the dead.
Do something big before the next Shemitah cycle.
I'm going to keep doing these prayer videos.
We're going to have good results in Jesus' name.
We plowed like an icebreaker today.
I'm never in a hurry when the presence is thick.
Why worry about things that don't count for eternity?
Everything's about eternity.
Some people focusing on earthly things will realize how foolish they were.
I don't talk about the Thousand Years because I don't have scripture to back up the specific things I've seen, but it's beautiful.
Everything's restored.
No smog, no pollution.
Vegetables the size of beachballs.
We'll be in a glorified body.
I'm taking these doTERRA peppermint beads.
They help a lot.
I was focusing on those doves.
The glory went out as they spread over the earth.
I saw a fire going around the middle of the earth.
The Holy Spirit fire spreading glory around the whole earth.
I believe each dove represents four years.
Jesus is standing at the door.
What will you do with that window?
Subscribe and like the video.
We will pray again tomorrow.
We're believing this thing is over today and will be called quickly in Jesus' name.
God bless you all.